par
Hi everyone in t you want a used car top pop pop prefecture
Today is Jaguar Land Rover Suginami-san and Range Rover Ivork
I will explain the correct four-wheel drive performance I would like to have a skilled mechanic
me
It is this one to have you explain car today
Thank you My name is Jaguar Land Rover Suginami mechanic Takizawa
Let's go to the market then
Range Rover Evog Prestige
I want to start a test drive impression
I will preside over
Mr. Takizawa to the money What is the screen on this screen now?
4 w
t that meat and 4 coffee curls
It has become in that picture
Certainly there to Sumasu wd here if there are characters, 2 double Mart owd
We of the in
Miku is It is netfront drive
There is an image on the full-time 4WD in Anatomy, but it is different
That's right
This is two-wheel and four-wheel
It is specifically in the system family automatic change
When does it switch? This is this
It is temporary masa in speed really is it now
If speed falls down, it became 4 you mode
When changing from a mouth to a four wheel drive culture to meat
Country of origin more than kilometer
When the speed of 20 km end falls
No feed
It also can do a hey possible there is a that you in this course full-time well
Do you operate with the button or something next to the pool timing ?
Yes, the mode that the driver can drive by himself / herself depending on the road surface condition
This green car is attached
Miku problem first of the many place in the left-hand side in taste who say little it added
When the running Ano highway as to the other place in this what mode
Allowed to harden the suspension
Such a child who can run my ring road smoothly
Where
system
Yes there
It seems right in the 2 normal mode
In normal mode
If you select this mode when it was to go after Lee 's Toka grassland it is written anymore
Normal entry
I can run on snowy roads
Always whether more What is the next
Mud and rumor
If he is going Toka in ice
In this mode
Travel
I think there is time
Well, next to me, Snatch
Well the mode of the desert or something like that
Yeah it is
Although the say snow in the dog stomach I think that happens to most familiar in everyday life
Since there recently snow even in the eastward I will able to run with confidence Once you have it there Well that's it
Snow road motion
Instead
I think I can run normally
I'm running now 2 wd, but a little accelerator two sword here
It is the first time I chose it
Powerful acceleration can be obtained
The members also inhabited in a very comfortable way, so I'm accelerating with four tires
Freon N
It sold 2 other
It is more than footprints
I think that the vehicle will accelerate steadily
me
wh